Release 3.5 (#1297)
netket/netket: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## NetKet 3.6 (In development)

### New features

### Bug Fixes

## NetKet 3.5 (☀️ 18 August 2022)

[GitHub commits](https://github.com/netket/netket/compare/v3.4...master).

> This release adds support and needed functions to run TDVP for neural networks with real/non-holomorphic parameters, an HDF5 logger, a function to compute the local estimators of an observable for a set of samples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release adds support and needed functions to run TDVP for neural networks with real/non-holomorphic parameters, an experimental HDF5 logger, and an `MCState` method to compute the local estimators of an observable for a set of samples.
```
